I agree to the group rules
1
Be super fucking nice AND generous for no reason!This group is part of the super nice family, and as such we expect y’all to be KIND. Please check the pinned announcement for the full list of rules. Comment “read” after joining/reading!
2
No minors/18+ only.Members 18+ only may utilize this group due to FB TOS guidelines protecting the info of minors.
3
Format your post properly and update as funded!0/goal (required) payment info description
4
List of no (mods always have final say):Loans, raffles, gift cards, western union/money transfers, gambling, referrals, gift certificates, drugs, tobacco, alcohol, firearms, fares, tickets, bus passes, asks for others, middlemanning, spam.
5
Respect Trigger Warnings/Content Warnings.If a modmin or a member asks for a TW/CW on your post or comment, please add it. If you are trying to submit a post and get this, you may need to add a TW to your post.
6
No legal or medical asks.ANYTHING medical (including veterinary) must be posted as a Facebook fundraiser/gofundme. No exceptions. This includes medication, be it prescribed or over the counter, vitamins and supplements.
7
Please shorten your description!We don't need a five paragraph essay on why you need a compact mirror. Don't get guilt trippy. Only add *necessary* information.
8
No guiltposting OR hijacking posts.We do not need vivid detail regarding abuse, illness or death. NO BEGGING. A paragraph or two that is PG13 will do. Don’t comment your needs on another’s post, taking it over; submit your own post.
9
No screen shots of bank accounts/identifying info!Please do not include photos of your bank account! It will get us zucced! Likewise, no photos of your driver’s licenses or other identifying information (medical bills, passports) is necessary.
10
Do not report to Facebook or mods!Tag a mod or the Super Nice Modmin Team, or message the team (same name) with any issues. Reporting can get us zucced! Do NOT direct message mods without prior consent.